Are regions of the brain infarcted?
Is this an axial plane?
Where is the pathology in this image?
What type of imaging is this?
What organ system is pictured?
Is there vascular pathology in this image?
Are the lungs normal appearing?
Is there evidence of a pneumothorax
Is this a MRI of the chest?
Is there airspace consolidation on the left side?
Is there a fracture?
How is the patient oriented?
Is there air under the diaphragm?
What type of imaging does this not represent?
What is not pictured in this image?
Is the trachea midline?
Is there evidence of an aortic aneurysm?
Is there blunting of the costovertebral angles?
Is this an anterior posterior image?
Where is the abnormality?
Is there swelling of the grey matter?
Is this the brain?
Is this a CT image?
In what plane is this image oriented?
Is there a skull fracture pictured?
Is there evidence of an aortic aneurysm?
Which organ system is abnormal in this image?
Is there a pneumothorax?
Is there cardiomyopathy?
What type of image is this?
Is this an anterior-posterior image
Are >12 ribs present in the image?
does this represent adequate inspiratory effort?
was this taken with good x ray penetration
was this taken in PA position?
Are lung opacities noted?
is there evidence of intraparenchymal lung nodules?
Is there narrowing of the cardiac contour?
is the cardiac silhouette small/stretched
is the lung parenchyma well visualized?
What organ is superimposed on the lung fields?
Is there a rib fracture?
Is there evidence of any fractures of the ribs?
Is there any intraparenchymal abnormalities in the lung fields?
Is there evidence of any abnormalities of the lung parenchyma?
Are there >8 ribs shown in this image?
Are there at least 8 ribs visible for good inspiratory effort?
Is the gastric bubble shown on the left or right side of the patient?
was the arterial contrast phase selected?
does this plane of section include the gastric cardia?
is there evidence of portal venous congestion?
Is the portal vein engorged?
Is there evidence of ectopic tissue present in surrounding organs?
Is there evidence of metastatic tissue on organs surrounding the liver?
Are the liver 	splee n	stomac h	and esophagus all visualized in this image?
Is the mass heterogeneous or homogeneous in appearance?
Is the mass compressing the inferior vena cava?
Is the inferior vena cava compressed by the tumor?
Is there evidence of small bowel obstruction on this image?
Is there small bowel thickening present?
Is the patient's vertebral body indicative of normal aging?
any observed degenerative changes in the vertebral body?
Are feces located in the colon?
Is there stool in the colon?
Is there contrast in the patient's small bowel?
was the patient positioned appropriately 	without tilting?
was this chest x ray taken in PA format?
is there evidence of pulmonary edema?
Is there enlargement of the pulmonary vasculature?
is it difficult to delineate the left costophrenic angle?
Is there blunting of the left costophrenic angle?
Is the left lung field more radioopaque than the right side?
Is the left lung field more white?
are the heart and lungs displayed well in this film
Does the patient have a central line placed?
Are the common ileac arteries and veins patent in this section?
Are the common iliac vasculature open?
Is there evidence of air in the peritoneum?
Is there air in the peritoneal cavity?
Is there contrast in the colonic lumen?
Was the patient given oral contrast?
Is there contrast in the patient's arteries and veins?
Is the spleen normal size?
Is the size of the spleen normal?
Is the liver parenchyma normal?
Is the liver parenchyma homogenous?
Is there no evidence of any hypo- or hyperattenuations located in the liver?
Is the liver parenchyma homogenous and normal?
Is the celiac trunk visualized and patent?
Is the celiac trunk visualized?
Is the celiac trunk patent?
Is the celiac trunk able to be visualized in this patient and is it open?
Is the celiac trunk able to be visualized in this patient?
Is the celiac trunk open?
Are the structures in the pancreas cystic or solid?
Are there air fluid levels present in the small bowel?
is there contrast material showing air-fluid levels in the small bowel
Are there hyper attenuating material along the aortic walls?
are there calcifications present on the abdominal aorta?
Is this the small bowel on this image?
Is this image plane taken inferior to the liver?
Is there evidence of a small bowel obstruction with perforated viscus on this CT?
Is there evidence of a pneumoperitoneum secondary to a perforation?
was this image taken with patient in symmetrical supine position?
Is this patient lying supine?
Is/Are the mass located near/in the mid brain?
Is the mass compressing the mid brain on this section?
Is the mass pushing on the midbrain structures?
Have brain structures crossed the midline of the brain?
Is there evidence of midlight shift of structures on this MRI?
Do the left and right middle cerebral arteries appear patent on this section?
Is the left and right MCA present?
Is there contrast in the vasculature?
Are brain structures shifted across the midline?
is there a midline shift of the cerebral parenchyma?
Is this a transverse section?
Is this a T2 weighted image?
Are structures associated with the midbrain located in this image?
Is the midbrain identified in this section?
Is this an image of the right and left temporal lobes?
What structures is identified in the middle of this image?
Is the grey/white matter border well differentiated?
Is the gallbladder large in size?
Is the gallbladder distended?
Is the stomach thickening regular and uniform or ragged/asymmetrical?
Is the stomach wall thickening symmetric or asymmetric?
Are there more than 5 enlarged (>1 cm) lymph nodes around the stomach
Are there >5 lymph nodes located near the stomach?
Was the patient given IV contrast?
Is there contrast in the patient's vasculature?
is this an image of the cerebellum
are the vertebral arteries patent in this section?
Are the vertebral arteries in view?
is the plane of section transverse?
is there any shift of midline structures visible in this section?
Is there shifting of structures across the middle?
was this image taken without motion artifact
Has the brainstem herniated?
is there evidence of brainstem herniation in this section
Are the cerebellar infarcts hyper attenuated?
is the small bowel appropriately identified with GI contrast?
Is there a small bowel obstruction?
Has the small bowel perforated?
is there evidence of pneumoperitoneum?
is there slight dilation of the right renal pelvis?
Is there enlargement of the right renal pelvis?
Was this patient given IV contrast?
Is there evidence of herniation of the small bowel into the abdominal wall?
Is there evidence of an abdominal hernia?
Does this patient have evidence of pneumoperitoneum?
Is there evidence of air in the peritoneal cavity?
Is there evidence of fluid in the peritoneal cavity?
Is there evidence of ascites?
Is there air-fluid levels?
Are there air-fluid levels present on this CT radiograph?
Is there evidence of air fluid levels in the patient's bowel?
Does the GI contrast hi-light the small bowel?
Is there oral contrast in the patient's small bowel?
Is there enlargement of the abdominal aorta on this image?
Is the abdominal aorta large in size?
Is there evidence of pneumoperitoneum?
Are the hilar soft tissue densities symmetric?
Are the soft tissue densities in the left hilum equivalent in size to the soft tissue densities in the right hilum?
Are there any fractures in any of the ribs?
Are any of the patient's ribs fractured?
Are the costophrenic angles sharp?
Is there no evidence of blunting of the costophrenic angles?
Is the cardiac contour normal in shape?
Is the descending aortic silhouette of normal contour?
Is the descending aortic silhouette of normal contour and size?
Is there tortuosity of the descending aorta?
Is the descending aortic silhouette of normal size?
Is the descending aortic silhouette of normal size?
Is the cardiac silhouette less than half the diameter of the diaphragm?
Is the cardiac silhouette within normal size limits?
Are there EKG leads on this patient?
Is there evidence of left lung field hyperinflation?
Has the left lung collapsed?
Is the vertebro-basilar arterial network viewed in this section?
Is the vertebral artery/basilar artery located in this image?
Is the lesion causing significant brainstem herniation?
Is there herniation of the brainstem secondary to the lesion
Does the mass have a smooth appearing border?
Is the mass well-defined?
Is the cerebellum in view?
Is there blurring of the grey-white matter junctions in the right temporal lobe?
Is there no definitive border between the grey matter and white matter in the right temporal lobe?
Are there calcifications in the cerebral arteries?
Is there evidence of calcifications in the cerebral arteries?
Is there edema in the patient's right temporal lobe?
Is there evidence of cytotoxic edema in the right temporal lobe?
Are the orbits in view of this image?
Is there evidence of a right apical pneumothorax on this chest x-ray?
Is a pneumothorax present near the right lung field?
Is the cardiac contour normal?
Is the cardiac silhouette less than half the lateral diameter of the chest wall?
Are there decreased lung markings in the right upper lung field?
Is there evidence of mediastinal shift?
Is there a midline shift?
Are the branches of the superior mesenteric arteries filled with contrast?
Are the branches of the superior mesenteric arteries hyper attenuated?
Does the gallbladder appear distended?
Is the gallbladder enlarged?
Are the kidneys hyper attenuated?
Does the pancreatic head appear enlarged?
Is the size of the pancreatic head large?
Is there a left apical pneumothorax?
Is the outline of visceral pleura visible in the upper left lung field?
Has the midline of the mediastinum shifted?
Is there a mediastinal shift?
Is there adequate inspiration?
Is there evidence of hilar enlargement?
Is there increased lung markings near the hilum?
Is the liver normal?
Is this a typical liver?
What part of the liver is the mass located in?
Where is the mass in the liver?
In what plane is this image taken?
Is this a study of the brain?
Is this a CT scan?
Is there biliary duct dilation?
Are the kidneys normal?
Are these normal looking kidneys?
Describe the lung abnormalities?
What abnormalities are seen within the lungs?
What can cause asymmetrical breasts?
Why are the breasts asymmetrical?
Where is the catheter tip located?
Where does the catheter tip extend into?
Which lung are the nodules located in?
What is under the right hemidiaphragm?
What is the abnormality by the right hemidiaphragm?
Is the left hemidiaphragm normal?
Is the left hemidiaphragm normal?
Is this a normal x ray?
Is the right hemidiaphragm normal?
Where is the abnormality located?
Is this in the posterior anterior plane?
Any abnormal findings in the lower lung fields?
Are the lower lung fields normal?
where is the cavitary lesion?
where is the abnormality?
Which organ system is imaged?
What abnormalities are in the lung apices?
What is seen in the lung apices?
What kind of image is this?
Is this an abnormal film?
Is there a cavitary lesion?
Is the mass loculated?
Is there a loculated pancreatic mass?
Is there evidence of calcification in the mass?
Is the mass calcified?
What organ is the mass in?
Where is the mass?
How large is the mass?
How would you describe the spleen abnormality
What is abnormal about the spleen?
What does the hypodensity suggest?
What caused the lesion?
Are there multiple or just 1 metastatic focus?
How many lesions are in the spleen?
Is the liver abnormal?
What organ system is evaluated primarily?
What kind of scan is this?
What does nodular liver suggest?
What does the shape of the liver suggest?
What is the brightness in the abdominal aorta?
What causes hyper intensity in aorta?
Is this in a coronal plane?
Is the aorta size abnormal?
Is the aorta dilated?
What is the small mass near the left kidney?
What is located near the Left kidney
Are there gallstones?
Are gallstones present?
What abnormalities are in the right upper quadrant?
What is in the right upper quadrant?
Did the patient have a cholecystectomy?
Has the gallbladder been removed?
How many gallstones are identified?
Is this a chest x-ray?
Is this a study of the chest?
Which plane is this image taken?
What is happening in the right lung?
What is finding in the right lung?
Are the lungs normal?
Is the image study normal?
Where is the diffuse pleural thickening?
Which lung is abnormal?
Is there pleural thickening in the R lung?
How would you describe the lesion?
What are key characteristics of the lesion?
Is this a normal image?
Is the brain scan normal?
What lobe is the lesion located in?
Where is the abnormality located?
Is the lesion on the right or left side of the brain?
Is the image of the gastrointestinal system?
Which kidney is abnormal?
Which kidney has abnormalities?
Describe the lesions in the right kidney?
What is seen in the right kidney?
Is there contrast given?
Are there 2 kidneys?
Are there normal number of kidneys?
Does this look like a healthy liver?
Is the liver normal?
Which plane is the image taken?
Is this a normal image?
Are there abnormal findings on this image?
Is this brain scan normal?
What hemisphere are the lesions located in?
Where are the abnormalities?
How would you describe the abnormalities
Are the lesions ring-enhancing?
Is there an brain bleed?
Is the brain tissue ischemic?
Is there atrophy of the brain?
Which hemisphere is the ischemia located?
Where is the abnormality?
What does the abnormality suggest?
What causes the hyperintensity?
Is the abnormality hyper intense?
How would you describe the abnormality?
Is the abnormality focal or diffuse?
Where is the abnormality in this image?
Is this a normal image?
Are the ventricles symmetrical?
Are the ventricles the same size?
What kind of image is this?
What organ is primarily evaluated in this image?
Is this a lateral film?
Are the lungs normal?
Is the chest x-ray normal?
Which lung has diffuse opacification?
What is happening to the right heart border?
How would you describe the R heart border?
Is the right costophrenic angle sharp?
Is the right costophrenic angle easily visualized?
What organ is enlarged?
Which organ has the abnormality?
What is abnormal about the pancreas?
Why is the pancreas abnormal?
Is the surrounding phlegmon normal?
Is the fat surrounding the pancreas normal?
Is the pancreas edematous?
Is the abnormality hyper dense or hypo dense?
What density is the abnormality?
Is the liver normal?
Is this a normal image?
Where is the abnormality?
Where is the hypodensity located?
Is this image normal or abnormal?
Where in the brain is the lesion?
Where is the lesion?
What is the image suggestive of?
What is the lesion most likely to be?
Is there evidence of enhancement?
Is the lesion enhancing?
What side of the brain is the lesion on?
Is there an abnormal lesion?
Is there a mass?
Does the mass affect neighboring structure?
Is there mass effect?
Where is the mass?
Where is the mass located?
Is this image normal?
What is abnormal about the hila?
Is the hila normal or enlarged?
How would you describe the aortopulmonary window?
What characteristic finding do you see in the aortopulmonary window?
Which sign do you see in the aortopulmonary window in this image?
Is the heart abnormal?
Does the heart appear enlarged?
Is there bilateral hilar enlargement?
What is most alarming about the appendix?
Describe the appendix
Is there fat stranding?
Where is the mass?
Is the mass enhancing?
Is this image normal?
Is there a pelvic fracture?
Is the small bowel filled with contrast?
Is the cecum dilated
Is the mass calcified?
Where is the mass?
Is the mass homogeneous?
Where is this plane relative to the eyes?
Is there more than one organ system present in the image?
Is the primary abnormality more or less dense than surrounding matter?
What is denser, the mass or the surrounding brain tissue?
Was contrast applied?
Is there evidence of hematoma?
Is there blood present?
Which side is the lateral ventricle visible on?
Where is the lateral ventricle?
Is the skull fractured?
How was this x-ray taken?
Is the heart wider than more than half the width of the thorax?
How wide is the heart compared to the thorax?
Is this image of the thorax?
Is this image a CT scan?
Is the largest air collection on the patient's left or the right side?
Where is the largest air collection in this image?
Is subcutaneous air present?
Is there evidence of subcutaneous air collection?
Is the trachea midline?
Which ribs are located near the abnormality seen in this image?
What level is the abnormality located at?
Is there evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air on the left?
Is the free air under the left hemidiaphragm pathologic?
On which side is the cardiac border more obscured?
Where is the cardiac border more obscured?
Is there a pneumothorax present?
Are lung markings present in the entire thoracic cavity?
Is there a pneumothorax present?
How many lesions are present in the image?
Is there more that one lesion present?
Where is the lesion?
Which lung lobe is the lesion present in?
Is there free air under the diaphragm?
Do the lung markings extend to the periphery?
Is a pneumothorax present in this image?
Is the diaphragm clearly visualized on both sides of the thorax?
Is the diaphragm obscured?
Is the trachea midline?
Which lung are more markings present in?
Where are the most lung markings?
Does the width of the heart exceed more than half of the thorax?
How wide is the cardiac shadow?
Where is the aneurysm located?
What is the most important abnormality found in this image?
Is there a mass in the right hilum?
Is there evidence of a mass lesion at the right hilum?
Is the air under the diaphragm pathologic?
Is there free air under the diaphragm?
Is the diaphragm obscured?
Is the diaphragm clearly visualized on both sides?
Where is the lesion located?
What is the location of the primary lesion?
Where is the lesion located?
Which side of the heart border is obscured?
Are the clavicles broken?
Are nodular calcifications present in the lungs?
What lesions are present in the lungs?
Do bones appear lighter on this image's modality?
Are the borders of the heart clearly visualized?
Are any ribs in the image fractured?
Are there any fractures present?
Is the heart size in this image smaller or larger than if the image was taken AP?
Where on the image is most obscured?
Is the costophrenic angle blunted?
Is the trachea midline?
How big is the liver lesion?
What is the size of the mass lesion?
What is the modality by which the image was taken?
What is the organ system visualized?
Where is the lesion located?
Which liver lobe is the lesion in?
Is this image taken above the diaphragm?
What does the black area signify?
Are there any other organs visualized in this image?
What other organs are present?
Are the calcifications superior or inferior to the diaphragm?
Where in the image are the calcifications located?
Which side is more clearly visualized?
Which lung is clearer?
What are the two major organs present in this image?
Is this an AP image?
Where is the subcutaneous air collection?
Is there subcutaneous air present in the right neck?
How was this image taken?
Are there rib fractures present?
Where is the aortic arch?
Which side of the image is the aortic arch visualized?
Is there a fracture on the left 5th rib?
Is the left fifth rib broken?
Is there any inappropriate air collection in subcutaneous tissue?
Is subcutaneous air present?
Is the air under the diaphragm pathologic?
Is there free air under the diaphragm?
Where is the lung lesion located?
Which lobe of the lung is the lesion located in?
At which rib is the lesion located?
What rib is the lesion located inferior to?
Which side of the cardiac border is more prominent?
Which cardiac border is more prominently visualized?
What do the two small hyperintensities indicate?
Are the bowel loops on the right or left side of the patient?
Where in this image are the bowel loops?
Is the gallbladder present?
What is the dense mass visualized in the liver?
Where are the kidney?
Are the kidneys present in this image?
Where is the liver?
Is there evidence of periappendiceal fluid and fat stranding?
What indicates that appendicitis is present?
Is the appendix visualized with contrast?
Is there contrast in the appendix?
Where is the ascending colon?
What structure lies directly posterior to the appendix in this image?
Is there contrast in the bowels?
How many instances of intussusception are in the image?
Is there more than one intussusception present?
Are any organs besides the intestines present in this image?
Besides the intestines, what other organs are present?
Is the pathologic part of this image the small bowel or colon?
Where is the intussesception located?
Is the contrast in the bowels or the vasculature?
Is a cystic cavity present in the left kidney on this image?
Is there a cyst in the left kidney?
Is there an intussusception present?
Is there evidence of intussusception on the right side?
Is the colon more prominent on the patient's right or left side?
Where is the colon most prominent from this view?
Is there contrast present in the bowel?
Is this in the lumbar vertebral level?
Was oral or IV contrast used?
What organ system is primarily present in this image?
How would you describe the duodenum?
Is the duodenum edematous?
Is the contrast in the bowels or the vasculature?
Are both kidneys visualized?
Can you see both kidneys in this image?
Is there evidence of calcification in the pancreas?
Is the pancreas calcified?
Is the liver normal?
Is a ring enhancing lesion present in the right lobe of the liver?
Is the lesion in this image more or less dense than the surrounding tissue?
What is denser, the lesion or the surrounding tissue?
Where is the spleen located?
Is the spleen present?
Where in relation to the mass is the left kidney located in this image?
Where is the mass located in relation to the left kidney?
Is the lesion on the patient's right or left side?
Where on the image is the lesion?
Is there an acute bleed present?
What does the brighter outer ring of the lesion represent?
What is indicated by the bright ring around the lesion?
Are any ventricles visualized on this image?
Can you see ventricles?
Is the liver abnormal?
Are there any abnormal hypodense lesions in the liver?
Is the largest cyst in the left or right kidney?
Where is the largest cystic lesion in the image?
Are the lesions in the image more or less dense than surrounding tissue?
What is denser, the cystic lesions or the kidney parenchyma?
Is the spleen present?
Are calcified lesions present in the lung fields?
Is there evidence of large calcified lesions in the lung fields?
Where is free air trapped subcutaneously in this image?
Is there free air in the supraclavicular fossae?
Are the clavicles fractured?
On which side is air under the diaphragm?
Is free air present under the patient's left or right hemidiaphragm?
Is the air under the left hemidiaphragm pathologic?
Is there free air under the left diaphragm?
Is the opacity near the left lung apex pathologic?
What is the opacity near the left lung apex?
Where is the lesion?
Which lobe is the lesion located in?
Are the ribs broken?
Which lung has more extensive infiltration?
Where are the most infiltrates located?
Is the air under the left hemidiaphragm pathologic?
Is subdiaphragmatic air present on the left side?
What is in the left apex?
Is a pneumothorax present in the left apex?
Is the trachea midline?
What are the opacities to the left?
Is there leakage of contrast?
Is there ascites?
Is there any hemorrhage?
What are these hyperintensities to the right?
Is the brain atrophied or shrunk?
What are those densities in the wall of the aorta?
Is the liver normal in size?
What are these hypodensities in the liver?
What is the radiological description of the color of the edema?
Are the lateral ventricles compressed?
What is the hypodensity in the posterior left?
Is the cerebellum visible?
Is this a MRI image?
In which lobe is the enhancement?
Is the anatomy of the brain gyri affected?
What is the plane of this image?
Are there fractures on the skull?
Is this an axial image?
What are these opacities anterior to the right kidney?
Is the right kidney at its normal height in the abdomen?
Is there any lesion in the left kidney
Are the kidneys atrophied?
What type of image is this?
Is the liver visible in the image?
What are these densities inside the intestines?
Is the renal mass distending the abdominal wall?
Is this an axial image?
What structures are visible in this image?
Is the medulla swollen?
Is there lesion to other structures besides the medulla?
Is this a CT image?
Is there any lesion to bone structures?
Is this film properly exposed?
What is the name of this image's plane?
Is the right lung normal in size?
What is happening with the path of the trachea?
Is the stomach dilated?
How do we call these wide undulations along the vertebral column?
Is it possible to see the cerebellum in this image?
Is there swelling of the choroid fissure?
What are those lines in the posterior brain?
What is the plane of this image?
Is this an infiltrating mass?
Is this a CT image?
Is the heart dilated?
Is there consolidation in the lungs?
To which side is the trachea deviated?
What is this lucency amid densities in the right lung?
Are these small opacities in the right lung calcifications?
Is this a cyst in the left lung?
In which lobe is the nodule located?
Is there any shifting on the path of the trachea?
What is the organ principally shown in this image?
What type of image is this?
Is this a solitary nodule?
Is this an AP image?
Is the patient's kidney this large mass to the right?
Are there multiple masses or just a single big one?
Is the left kidney affected?
Are the temporal bones fractured?
Are there any other cysts in the image?
In which lobe is the cyst?
Is there swelling around the lesion?
Are the brain gyri atrophied?
Is it possible to see the cerebellum?
Are the basal ganglia enlarged?
Is there any hemorrhage?
Is there involvement of the temporal lobes?
Is there any other alteration in the image?
Where are the enlarged feeding arteries located?
Is there leakage of blood?
Is the lesion infiltrating?
Are the brain ventricles visible?
Is there herniation?
Is the abdomen distended?
Is there a cyst in the right kidney?
Is it contrast these hyperintensities in the intestines?
Is there fluid in the anterior abdominal wall?
What is the medium density close to the anterior abdominal wall?
What is this mass to the left of the patient?
Is the heart a normal size?
Is the heart size normal?
Can this image highlight bone fractures (if present)?
Is a pleural effusion present?
Is there a pleural effusion?
What can be typically visualized in this plane?
Does the left humerus appear to be fractured?
Is there a fracture of the left humerus?
Are both lungs abnormally inflated?
Is the heart clearly visible?
Can a pulmonary mass be appreciated?
Is a pulmonary mass present?
Is there anything abnormal about the heart size?
Is the heart enlarged?
Is there a right-sided pleural effusion?
Is there an effusion present on the right-side?
Is there an NG tube present?
What bright white structures form an X?
What are the bright white structures, almost forming an X"?"
Would you suspect abcess or cancer for this finding?
Is this an abscess or cancer?
Is there ring-enhancement?
Do you favor a viral process or parasitic process or other?
Is this a viral or parasitic process?
Is this a solid or cystic lesion?
Is the lesion a solid or cystic lesion?
Can you see all of the ribs on the left side?
Can the left ribs be evaluated?
Can a pleural effusion be appreciated on the right side?
Is there a right-sided pleural effusion?
Is there a mediastinal shift?
Is this in the PA plane?
Is this modality safe for pregnant women?
Do you see a pleural effusion?
Is a pleural effusion present?
Can you evaluate the kidneys 	bladde r	or ureters in this image?
Is there any adenopathy?
How do you determine cardiomegaly?
How do you determine if the heart is enlarged?
Is there a midline shift?
Is the trachea shifted?
Can you see the esophagus in this image?
Is the esophagus visible?
Approximately how much time was required to obtain this image?
What are the dark areas at the top of the picture?
What is the dark space in the body cavity near the top of the image?
In what space/cavity is the abnormal organ located?
Can this plane detect an aortic aneurysm 	if present?
Is the left kidney abnormal?
How can you tell if contrast has been utilized?
What are the signs of contrast being used?
Is this supratentorial or infratentorial?
Is the cerebellum present in the image?
Is there a fracture?
Is a fracture present?
Can fluids be highlighted with this modality?
Can you visualize the 4th ventricle?
Is the 4th ventricle present in this image?
What is on the differential?
Is mass effect obvious?
Does there seem to be a mass effect?
Is this patient male or female?
What is the likely sex of this patient?
Is there a pleural effusion present?
Is there a pleural effusion
What is on the anterior wall of the right chest?
What does tram-track"-ing indictate?"
What is meant by tram-track?
Can you appreciate a pleural effusion?
Is a pleural effusion present?
Is the heart enlarged?
Is the heart size increased?
Can you diagnose a pericardial effusion from this image?
Is this image sufficient to diagnose pericardial effusion?
Anything abnormal in this image?
Do you see a subdural hematoma?
Is there a subdural hematoma?
Which ventricles are visible?
How long does this imaging modality take to complete? (hours?	minutes?)
Can you appreciate a shift of the midline?
Is there a midline shift?
Can a diagnosis or impression be made in this plane?
Does the skull appear fractured?
Is there a skull fracture?
Is the corpus callosum involved?
Is this a ring enhancing lesion?
Is there ring-enhancement?
Are the dark areas grey or white matter?
The dark areas of the image show what type of brain matter?
Is there mass effect?
Which is more likely? Cancer or hemorrhage?
Is this cancer or hemorrhage?
Is this image sufficient for a diagnosis?
Is the image enough to diagnose?
Did this patient sustain physical damage?
Do you suspect a physical injury?
IS there anything wrong with the lungs?
what test or procedure might reveal the diagnosis?
What can be done to get to a diagnosis?
Are sections of bowel recognizable?
Is the patient lying down?
Would perform this same modality in a patient with AKI?
Are abdominal fat pads prominently visualized?
Can you see the abdominal fat pads?
Can you evaluate a mediastinum in the shown image?
Is the mediastinum visualized?
What plane is this image?
Is the vertebra fractured?
Is there a vertebral fracture?
Is the heart size abnormal?
Is the heart enlarged?
Can you appreciate a pleural effusion anywhere?
Is pleural effusion present?
Is there hilar adenopathy?
Is there hyperinflation of the lung(s)?
Are the lungs increased in size?
Are the kidneys normal?
Do the kidneys appear to be normal?
Are adrenal glands present in this image?
Can you see the adrenals?
What is the image plane?
Is there an aortic aneurysm?
Can an aortic aneurysm be appreciated?
Are the lateral ventricles visible?
Can the lateral ventricles be seen?
Did the problem originate in the brain?
Do you suspect a primary brain process?
What image plane is this?
What is your differential diagnoses?
What are the possible diagnoses?
What hypoattenuated tissue is between the abdominal wall and skin?
What is the dark structure underneath the skin?
Can a diagnosis of appendicitis be made from this image?
Is this confirmed appendicitis?
Is there fat stranding?
What are the hypoattenuated round structures surrounding the veterbral column?
What are the structures near the vertebral column?
Does this mass likely represent a neoplastic process?
IS this a neoplastic process?
Is this a contrast-enhanced CT?
the internal gas and enhancing rim suggests what type of lesion?
What type of hepatic lesion has internal gas and enhancing rim?
can this patient be managed with medical therapy alone?
Will medical therapy be enough?
Is the vertebrae fractured?
Is there a verterbral fracture?
Is there perinephric fat stranding?
What is the most likely explanation for a enlarged kidney in this image?
Why is the right kidney enlarged?
How can you confirm contrast was used?
How do you know if contrast was used?
Do you suspect a physical injury or a medical process?
What is the cause of this finding: medical process or physical injury?
Where are the signals most intense?
The dark space in the central portion of the image represents what structure(s)?
What do the dark spaces in the center show?
Do you suspect vascular process or a genetic process?
Is the etiology genetic or vascular?
what is the secondary pathology?
What is the secondary abnormality in this image?
What is the primary abnormality in this image?
what is the primary pathology
How would you characterize the lesion?
What is the characterization of the lesion
How many ring enhancing lesions can be found in this image?
Is this an anoxic injury?
Is there anoxic brain infarction?
is the caudate nucleus involved?
Is there involvement of the caudate nucleus?
Is this a normal image?
where is the pathology?
Where is the pathology located?
Where is the tip of the line?
Where is the tip of the Port-a-Cath catheter located?
Is this a standing CXR
is the pulmonary system shown?
Is the chest xray underexposed?
Is this image underexposed?
what is the plane?
Is there a rib fracture?
What is the foreign body?
Please identify the foreign body.
Do you see hylar lymphadenopathy in this image?
is there hylar lymphadenopathy?
Is there a widened mediastinum?
Is the mediastinum wider than normal?
Is this coronal plane?
What organ system is the pathology?
What is the modality?
Doe this image depict an interstitial lung process?
Is there an interstitial lung process?
Where is the opacity located?
Does this image show heart failure?
is this heart failure
is the heart enlarged?
Is there cardiomegaly?
Describe the pathology
what is the pathology?
Is the heart greater than 50% of the chest diameter
is the heart enlarged?
Is there cardiomegaly?
are there increased vascular markings
Are the vascular markings increased?
What is the pathology in this image?
what pathology is demonstrated?
Is there pneumoperitoneum?
is the stomach wall thickened?
Is there thickening of the gastric wall?
in what system is the pathology?
What system is this pathology in?
Is there hydronephrosis in the patient's kidneys?
Is there a pancreatic pseudocsyst?
Is there a pseudocyst in the pancreas?
What is the location of the mass
where is the mass located?
is the peritoneum thickened?
Is there thickening of the peritoneum?
what is the composition of the mass?
What is this mass primarily made of?
How many masses are there?
is this an axial plane image
How was this image taken
What organ system is this?
What is the lesion's disease origin?
What disease origin is the lesion(eg, vascular vs. neoplastic)?
In what lobe of the brain is the lesion located?
What vascular territory is the lesion?
In what vascular territory is the lesion located?
What neuro deficits will are predicted by image location?
What deficits are suggested by the location of the lesion?
Is there fluid in the lung?
Is this a pleural effusion
Is this lesion loculated
Is there loculation of this lesion?
Is there a fracture of the clavicle?
what is the pathology?
What is abnormal in this image?
Is mass effect present?
Is there mass effect?
Is there hemorrhage?
Is hemorrhage seen?
What is the likely pathology?
What is the most likely cause of these abnormalities?
What organ system is displayed?
Is this an axial image?
What modality is shown?
In what lobes are the lesions located?
Is there a lung mass?
Is there a mass in the lung?
what is the location of the cavitary lesion
Where is the cavitary lesion located?
Do you see a cavitary lesion in this chest xray?
is there a cavitary lesion?
Is this patient intubated?
is there a bowel obstrution
Is the bowel obstructed?
what is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass?
Is the bowel dilated?
is there dilation of the bowel?
Are there air fluid levels?
Is this mass located in the liver?
Is this a hepatic mass?
Is the structure cystic?
Is the mass a cyst?
is the renal system dilated?
Is there hydronephrosis?
Is this a normal liver?
The pathology is located in which lobes of the brain?
which lobes demonstrate pathology
Is there restricted diffusion?
Is this a vascular lesion
Does this lesion involve the vascular system?
what is the most likely etiology
What is most likely causing these lesions?
is there a mass
Is a mass present in this xray?
This radiograph contains what foreign body?
what is the foreign body
How many masses are there?
what is the pathology
What is abnormal in this image?
does this constitute a pulmonary pathology?
is this an AP CXR
What plane is demonstrated?
What is the pathology?
What pathology is shown?
Is there a chest tube placed?
Is this a tension pneumothorax?
Does this image show a tension pneumothorax?
is there tracheal deviation?
Is the trachea deviated?
Are the sulci blunted?
Is there blunting of the sulci?
is there brain edema
Is the brain swollen?
Can you appreciate hemorrhage in this image?
Is there hemorrhage
Do the ventricles have blood in them?
is the mass cystic?
Would you describe the mass as cystic?
Do the masses contain calcification?
is there calcification
Can you appreciate a mass in this image?
is there a mass demonstrated?
Is there fat in these masses?
what it causing the widening?
What is the widened mediastinum caused by?
Is the mediastinum widened?
Is there a widened mediastium?
What plane is this film
Is this a PA film?
Does the pathology involve the CV system
Is there cardiomegaly?
Are the lymph nodes enlarged
Is there hilar lymphadenopathy?
is the stomach filled?
Is there gastric fullness?
Can you appreciate inflammation?
is there inflammation?
what is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass located?
How many masses are there?
Does this image show a normal gallbladder?
Is the GB normal?
Is there gall bladder pathology?
Is there pathology of the gallbladder?
Is the liver normal?
is there wall enhancement of the GB?
Is the gallbladder wall enhanced by contrast?
The mass is found in which part of the pancreas?
Is this image enhanced by contrast?
There is a mass found in which organ?
Does this patient have cardiomegaly?
What type of imaging modality is this?
Is there a clavicle fracture shown in this radiograph?
What type of MRI sequence is displayed in this image?
Which lobe of the brain demonstrates a hyper-intense signal in this T2 weighted MRI image?
Can the optic nerve be visualized in this MRI image?
Is this patient intubated?
Is this a PA image?
Does this image show a pneumothorax?
What type of imaging modality is seen in this image?
What is one organ system seen in this image?
Does this image show a pleural effusion?
Is there intraperitoneal hemorrhage present in this image?
Is this an MRI?
What solid organ is seen on the right side of this image?
In what plane was this image taken?
What two large vessels are seen directly anterior to the spinal column?
Does this image display the contents of the abdomen?
Can the kidneys be visualized in this CT scan?
Is this CT scan enhanced by IV contrast?
Is the width of the abdominal aorta within normal limits?
Where can omental caking be seen in this image?
What abnormality can be seen in the greater omentum?
Is this a contrast enhanced image?
From what structure is the large hypodense mass emanating from?
What is represented by the black parts of the image within the large intestine?
Can you see intraperitoneal bleeding in this CT?
Where is the lesion located?
Does this patient have any fractured ribs?
Does this patient have pneumomediastinum?
Does this patient have a pneumothorax?
Does this patient have a pleural effusion?
Which side is the pneumothorax on?
In what ventricle is the enhancing intraventricular mass seen?
Does this patient have a skull fracture?
Does this image display the CNS?
Does this image display hydrocephalus?
In what plane is this MRI taken?
Is this an MRI?
What signs of appendicitis are seen in this image?
What part of the body is being imaged?
Was this a contrast CT or a non-contrast CT?
Is the appendix seen in this image ruptured?
Is the appendix seen in this image inflamed?
Is this a coronal view?
Does this radiograph contain parts of the cardiovascular system?
Is the heart enlarged?
Was this image taken in the AP or PA plane?
Which rib is fractured?
Is this a CT scan?
What is the difference between the left and right costophrenic angles?
Does this image show a normal gallbladder?
Is this an axial image?
What organ is seen in the Left posterior portion of this image, to the left of the spinal column?
Is there fat stranding shown in this image?
What imaging modality is seen here?
What part of the body is being imaged here?
Is there fat stranding around the appendix?
Does the appendix appear normal?
Was contrast used with this image?
How would you describe this lesion?
Is this an MRI or a CT scan?
What lobe of the brain is the lesion found in?
Is there acute blood present on this head CT?
Is this a contrast CT or a non-contrast CT?
In which two ventricles can calcifications be seen on this CT scan?
What lobe of the brain is the lesion located in?
Do we see diffuse cerebral edema in this MRI?
What abnormality is seen on the left side of the frontal lobe?
What region of the brain shows hyperintensity?
What type of MRI sequence is this?
On which side of the brain is the infarction?
Does this patient have a pneumothorax?
Does this xray show an intubated patient?
Is this xray suggestive of aortic dissection?
There is a large enhancing mass growing from what organ in this CT scan?
Can the liver be seen in this image?
What vessel is seen just anterior to the spine enhancing with contrast?
Does this patient have an endotracheal tube placed?
Does this CXR display pneumoperitoneum?
Which side of the image is the thoracic mass located on?
Where is the bleed?
What kind of brain bleed is this?
Do you see dependent layering in the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles?
Is there dependent layering in the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles?
Any evidence of epidural or subdural hematoma?
Are there epidural or subdural bleeds as well?
Is there a blood clot?
Are these normal kidney findings?
Is this a CT?
How would you measure the length of the kidneys?
Which plane is the image in?
What is the hypodensity on the posteriolateral edge of the left kidney?
What is seen in the posterolateral L kidney?
What are the white nodules on bilateral kidneys?
What are the hyperintensities seen in the bilateral kidneys?
How common is bilateral Wilms?
About how often do you see bilateral Wilms tumor?
Where is the enhancement in left rectus muscles?
Which rectus muscles are enhanced on the left?
Where is the enhancement in right rectus muscles?
Which Rectus muscles are enhanced on the right?
Are the enhanced muscles also enlarged?
Do the enhanced muscles appear enlarged?
Is the finding normal?
How do you tell which side is R vs L?
Is this normal gallbladder finding?
Do you always recommend using both IV and oral contrast?
Are the cystic and common bile ducts dilated?
What symptoms would this patient present with?
What did the patient likely complain of?
How can you tell if it锟絪 the common bile duct vs the cystic duct?
What differentiates the common bile duct and cystic duct?
What are common causes of cystic and cbd obstruction?
What can cause these findings on imaging?
How can you tell contrast has been give orally?
Is the Saggital plane?
What could cause this finding?
What plane is the image in?
How can you tell that one side is small Bowen and the other side is large bowel?
How do you know that small bowel and colon are on different sides of midline?
what are defining Radiological features of large bowel?
How do you distinguish large bowel?
What are defining radiological features of the small bowel?
How do you identify small bowel?
Diaphragm is elevated on which side?
Which side of the diaphragm is elevated?
The air fluid level is in which location?
Where is there an air fluid level?
What are the hyperdense findings in the mediastinum?
What are seen as hyperdense in the mediastinum of this image?
Which orientation is the image acquired?
Where does the L renal vein connect to
Where does the L renal vein drain into?
What side of the abdomen is the aorta on?
Where is the aorta located relative to the midline?
What plane is this image in?
Which plane is the image shown in?
Are the findings normal?
What type of image is this?
Is there evidence of pneumothorax?
Is there a pneumothorax?
Are the findings normal?
Is this a normal image?
What organ systems can be evaluated with this image?
Is this image best taken on expiration?
Are the nodules well circumscribed?
What lung are the pulmonary nodules in?
Where are the nodules located?
What side are the infarcts located?
Where are the infarcts seen?
What do the hyperdensities represent?
What are the hyperdensities indicative of?
Where are the acute infarcts?
Where do you see acute infarcts?
Is the image normal?
Are the pulmonary arteries enlarged?
Do the pulmonary arteries appear enlarged?
Are the lungs hyperinflated?
Do the lungs appear hyperinflated?
What type of image is this?
What image modality is this?
Which side of the lungs are hyperinflated?
Is this an mri?
Are the lesions in the cerebellum?
What plane is this?
Where are the lesions located?
Where are the lesions located?
Does the L sided lesion enhance?
Why does less enhancement mean less acute?
What makes a lesion less acute?
Is this an infectious process?
Does this represent infectious process?
How would you describe the lesions?
What is one adjective to describe the lesion(s)?
What area is abnormal?
Where is/are the abnormality located?
Are the findings normal?
Is this image normal?
What is the signal intensity of the lesion?
Does the lesion appear to be wedge-shaped?
Is the lesion wedge-shaped?
Is the lesion on the left or right side of the brain?
What side of the brain is a lesion on?
Is there an acute infarction?
Is this consistent with an acute infarction?
Is this image abnormal?
What kind of image is this?
What modality is this?
Which side is abnormal?
Which lung has a defect?
Do you see fluid in the left lung?
Is there fluid in the left lung?
What does this represent?
Does the lesion demonstrate ring enhancement?
Is this lesion ring enhancing?
Where is the lesion located?
Which lobe is the lesion in?
Is this image abnormal?
How do you know this is a T2 weighted image?
What tells you that the image is T2?
Is there evidence of calcification?
Is the mass calcified?
What is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass located?
Is there evidence of hemorrhage?
Is the mass hemorrhagic?
Is the mass enhancing?
Where is there evidence of a pleural effusion?
Where is the pleural effusion located?
Is the trachea located normally?
Is the trachea midline?
Does the heart appear normal size?
Is the width of the cardiac silhouette normal?
Are there increased interstitial markings?
What type of image modality is this?
Which image modality is this?
In which area of the brain are the infarcts found?
Where are the infarcts located?
Does the R vertebral artery appear normal?
Is the Right vertebral artery normal?
How would you describe the R vertebral artery shape?
How is the image oriented?
What plane is this X-ray in?
Is the image normal?
What are the lesions indicative of?
What are the lesions consistent with?
Where are the lesions located?
Where are the lesions?
What side is the lesion located on?
Where is the lesion?
Is the lesion located in gray or white matter?
Is the lesion seen in the gray or white matter?
What is abnormal about the image?
Is gray or white matter highlighted in this image?
Which is highlighted in this image, white or gray matter?
how can you tell this is a T2 weighted image?
Is this the axial plane?
What is the best MRI weighting for ring enhancing lesions?
What is seen in the occipital lobe?
What is abnormal about the occipital lobe?
Is there restricted diffusion?
How can you tell the mass is hemorrhagic and pushing the optic chiasm?
Where is the mass?
Do the two findings have the same etiology?
Is there a unified process?
What is the abnormality seen above the heart on the patient's right side?
what is the bump seen above the heart on the patient's right side?
Imaging modality used to take this image?
What imaging modality is used to acquire this picture?
What does the abnormal contour of the left hilum suggest in terms of pathology?
Is the patient's heart enlarged?
Does the heart look enlarged?
Is this a CT of the abdomen?
Brain structure shown in this image?
What part of the brain is seen in this image?
Is this a noncontrast CT?
In what plane is this image taken?
Where is the abnormality?
What abnormality is present?
What is the term for the sign in this image?
Is there any bleeding in this patient's brain?
Is there bleeding present in this patient's brain?
What type of imaging modality is used to acquire the above image?
Is the image above oriented in the axial plane?
What cranial nerves may be affected by the lesion seen in the above image?
Which cranial nerves are possibly affected by this lesion?
What major artery of the brain may be affected by the lesion seen in the above image?
Which major artery of the brain is affected by this lesion?
The lesion seen in the image above is isointense to what object that is normally found in the brain?
The lesion is isointense to what object normally found in the brain?
What organ system is visualized in the above image?
Is this a singular or multilobulated lesion?
What lobe of the brain is the lesion located in?
Where is the brain lesion located?
What MRI imaging sequence is shown above?
What type of MRI is shown in the above image?
Does the lesion above enhance?
Is there enhancement of the lesion?
Is there mass effect from the lesion?
The image is taken in what plane?
What plane is the above image acquired in?
What is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass located?
What organ system is shown in the above image?
What is the organ system in this image?
Are the sulci visible in this image?
In what plane is the above taken?
Is this image showing the chest?
Is the image an CT scan?
Does the heart look enlarged?
Is the heart enlarged?
Are the pulmonary nodules diffuse in the chest or lateralized to one side?
Is the location of the pulmonary nodules diffuse or lateralized to one side?
Is there a pneumothorax present?
How would you describe the pathology seen in the above image?
What is the pathology seen in this image?
Is this image taken with or without contrast?
Was contrast used to take this image?
Is the consistency of the abscess located in the left upper quadrant homogeneous or heterogeneous?
Is the abscess in the left upper quadrant homogenous or heterogenous?
How was this image taken?
What imaging modality is used?
The enhancing soft tissue mass and fluid seen in the left upper quadrant is consistent with what pathology?
Are there any bone fractures present?
Does the patient have any bone fractures?
What is the location of the lesion?
Where is the lesion located?
Are there multiple lesions in the chest of the above patient?
Does this patient have multiple lesions in their chest?
Is there air present under the diaphragm?
How large is the mass in the right upper quadrant?
Size of the mass in the right upper quadrant?
What organ system is being imaged?
Is the heart enlarged?
Is the heart abnormally large?
Is this a PA film?
In which lobe do you see an abnormal mass in the above images?
Where is the abnormal mass located with respect to the lungs?
What imaging modality was used to take this image?
The cystic findings in the bilateral apices are consistent with what pathology?
Are the patients' ribs symmetric on both sides?
Is there symmetry of the patient's ribs on both sides?
Why is the left hemithorax more lucent?
What organ system is shown in the above image?
The image shows what organ system?
In what position was the patient in when this image was taken?
What position is the patient in for this image?
Is the patient a female or male?
What is the biological sex of the patient?
Is the heart larger than normal?
Is the heart enlarged?
In which lobes do you see a higher density of masses?
Which lobes of the lung contain a higher density of masses?
Is there abnormal air present under the diaphragm?
MRI imaging modality used for this image?
What type of MRI is used to acquire this image?
Does this image show edema?
Is there edema?
Does the image show midline shift?
Is there midline shift?
The increased signal is a result of what material?
The patient's left contains a bright round organ, what is it?
What is the bright round organ seen on the patient's left?
Was this image taken with or without contrast?
Was contrast used to take this image?
The tissue within the hyperattenuating ovoid mass adjacent to the ascending colon is similar in density to what tissue normally found?
The tissue in the hyperattenuating ovoid mass on the patient's right is similar density wise to what tissue that is normally found?
The hyperattenuating ovoid mass is lateral to what structure?
Is the heart enlarged?
Is the heart abnormally large?
How was this image taken?
What imaging modality is seen?
The azygoesophageal recess is deviated in which direction?
Which direction is the azygoesophageal recess deviated?
Is there a pneumothorax present?
What organ system is being imaged?
Is this taken in the axial plane?
Where do you see a large hematoma?
Where is the large hematoma located?
Is there mass shift pathology?
Is there any mass shift?
What imaging modality is used?
The condition in which a patient has enlarged ventricles as seen in this image?
What is the condition in which the ventricles are enlarged as seen in this image?
How would you describe the sulci in this image?
The hemorrhage is adjacent to what structures?
What structures are located near the hemorrhage shown?
What type of MRI is this?
What is the modality of this MRI?
Is this a T1 weighted MRI?
In what plane is the image above captured?
Does this image show midline shift?
Is there midline shift in this image?
Is this an image of the brain?
The hypointense nature of the hemorrhage signifies what in terms of the timeline?
Are the colon walls thickened?
Are the walls of the colon thickened?
Does the image show pericolonic fat stranding?
Is there pericolic fat stranding?
Term for the enhancement of the luminal surface seen in the image?
Does the patient have ascites?
Is there ascites present?
Did the patient ingest contrast prior to taking this image?
Was contrast used in this image?
Evidence of hemorrhage in the kidneys?
Is there any hemorrhage seen within the kidneys?
What organ contains multiple lesions in the above image?
Which organ has multiple lesions?
What do the masses contain?
Where are the brain lesions located?
Which hemisphere of the brain are the lesions located in?
MRI imaging modality used?
What type of MRI is the above image?
What part of the posterior brain contains the lesions?
What brain structures would be affected by the lesion in the right frontal area of the brain?
Which brain structures could be affected by the lesion located in the right frontal brain area?
Is there a pneumothorax seen in the above image?
Is there a pneumothorax present?
In which side is the hemidiaphragm elevated?
Which diaphragm is elevated?
What type of imaging is this?
What is the pathology seen above?
What abnormality is seen in this image?
What ventricle is the lesion compressing?
Which ventricle is compressed by the lesion?
In which brain area is the lesion located?
Where is the lesion located?
Is this MRI with contrast or without contrast?
Was this MRI taken with or without contrast?
How large is the mass?
What organ system is shown in the above image?
Which organ system is shown in the image?
How was this MRI taken?
What type of MRI is this?
What type of thrombosis is shown?
Where do we see multiple infarcts in the above image?
Location of the multiple infarcts?
Are the lesions only in one lobe?
Are the opacities confined to one lung lobe?
Does a blocked alveoli cause a V/Q mismatch?
What else do you need in order to localize lesions on a CXR?
Are the hemidiaphragms flattened?
Is the diaphragm flattened on either side
Can a patient with a metal implant get a CXR?
Is the aorta abnormally wide?
Is the aortic knob widened?
Which lung lobe has the least opacities?
Is the lesion in the image enhancing?
Is the mass contrast-enhancing?
Is the bowel perforated?
Is there bowel perforation present?
Are there any skeletal joints in the CT?
What skeletal joint is seen in this image?
Is there free air in the abdomen?
Where is the lesion located?
Where is the abnormality in this image?
What are the black areas at the top of the image?
What does the least dense region represent
Are any fractures present?
Is there a skull fracture?
Is the lesion uniform in density?
Is the cortex atrophied?
Is there cortical atrophy?
Can the white and gray matter be differentiated?
Is there good gray-white matter differentiation?
Where is the lesion located?
Which lobe is the lesion in?
Is the lesion ring enhancing?
Is free air present in this image?
Is there free air in the abdomen?
What is the hypodensity in the liver?
Is there a hypodense mass in the liver
What are the hyperdensities on the periphery of the left side
What are the foci of hyperdensities on the left?
How many kidneys are visualizable in this image?
Are these masses encompassing the aorta?
Are the liver masses growing around the aorta?
What are the hyperdensities on the periphery of the image?
What are the hyperdense opacities located around the periphery?
Are the hepatic lesions ring enhancing?
Why is there air seen in the bottom of the image?
Why is free air present in the image?
Are the ventricles enlarged?
Is the size of the ventricle abnormal?
Is a skull fracture present?
Is the skull fractured?
Where is the abnormality in this image?
Where is the mass located?
Is the lesion hyperdense?
How is the patient positioned for this scan?
Is the pelvis of the left kidney dilated?
Is the left renal pelvis dilated?
Does the liver show an enhancing mass or lesion?
Is there an enhancing lesion in the liver?
Which vertebral level is this image?
What level of the spine is most likely seen here?
Is this a coronal section?
If the mass compressed the left renal vein in a male	what else might you expect to see?
Which organ contains the air-fluid level?
Is this a mid-sagittal film?
Why are the chostrochondral junctions not seen on this film?
Is the heart shadow abnormally large?
Is the cardiac silhouette enlarged?
What is located immediately inferior to the right hemidiaphragm?
Are any of the ribs fractured?
Are there rib fractures present?
Which side is the diaphragm more depressed?
Is the hyperinflation unilateral or bilateral?
Is the lung hyperinflated on one or both sides?
Is there free air under the diaphragm?
Is there air in the abdominal cavity?
Is there a pneumothorax present?
Is there free air in the thorax?
Is the heart too big?
Is this an axial image?
Is this patient male or female?
What is the patient's gender?
Is there pneumothorax?
How can you tell there is no pneumothorax present?
Why is the right lung most common location for aspirations?
Is the trachea deviated from midline?
Is there tracheal deviation?
What does the black on an x ray indicate?
Which side is the abnormality on?
Is there free air under the diaphragm?
Is subdiaphragmatic free air present?
Are there cilia present at the level of alveoli?
Can x rays be used to identify liver lesions?
Is there a pneumothorax?
Is a pneuomothorax present?
What is better identified on a PA CXR vs a lateral CXR?
Are there any fractures in this image?
What indicates there is no pleural effusion present?
What sign determines the absence of a pleural effusion?
Are there any consolidations present in the lungs?
Are there any pulmonary consolidations?
What is the air under the left hemidiaphragm?
What is hyperdensity under the diaphragm on the left?
Does this image show a pneumothorax?
Is there a pneumothorax present?
Is there a calcification on the upper left lobe?
Is the vertebrae fractured?
Is there a vertebral fracture?
Is the mass surrounding the aorta?
Is the aorta encompassed by the mass?
Is the bowel perforated?
Is there sign of perforated bowel?
Is there bone in the top of the image?
Is there a pneumothorax?
Is a pneumothorax present?
Is the trachea normal?
Is the trachea midline?
Is a pleural effusion present?
Is there a pleural effusion?
Is there cardiac enlargement?
Is the trachea normal?
Is the trachea midline?
Is the cardiac silhouette enlarged?
Is the heart size abnormal
Are the hemidiaphragms flattened?
Is the diaphragm flat on either side?
Are there rib fractures present?
What radiographic sign is seen in the intestines
What is the finding in lumen of the intestine called?
Can a mass in the pancreatic head cause a liver injury?
What is the orientation of the patient?
Is the pancreatic mass enhancing?
Is the mass in the pancreas enhancing?
Can CT be used to assess soft tissues?
What does the small white lesions in the aorta mean
What do the hyperdensities in the aorta suggest?
Are any intestinal abnormalities present?
What are the multiple round hyperdensities located immediately inferior to the musculature?
What are the anterior circular hyperdensities?
What material is the peripheral hypodensity?
What is the the dark gray surrounding the periphery of the image?
Are the kidneys in this image abnormal?
What is the organ pictured superior to the aorta?
What is above the aorta in this image?
Are the ventricles enlarged?
Is there ventricular enlargement?
Is the lesion on the left or right?
What side is the lesion on?
What is the size of the lesion
Can gray-white differentiation be well assessed with this image?
Is there significant difference between gray and white matter here?
Where is the infarct?
Which vessel is infarcted in this image?
What area of cerebrum is visible?
Which lobe of the cerebrum is visible?
Is there a skull fracture present?
Is the skull fractured?
What does the abnormality in this image represent?
What signs of cerebral edema are present?
Which signs of edema are visualized here?
Where is the lesion located?
Where is the cortical lesion?
Is there sign of a skull fracture?
Is the skull fractured?
Is there any lesion in the ventricles?
Where is the abnormality in this image?
Where is the lesion located?
Does the right kidney show signs of hydronephrosis?
Is the right kidney abnormal here?
Is the liver lacerated?
Is there damage to the liver?
How many kidneys are in this image?
Is there a subarachnoid bleed in the image?
Is a subarachnoid bleed present?
Are the cortexes atrophied here?
Is cortical atrophy present?
What is the hyperdensity in the image?
What lobe is the infarct in?
Which lobe is infarcted
Are there skull fractures present?
Is the skull fractured?
Where are the infarcts?
Is the occipital lobe visible in this image?
Is the occipital lobe present?
Where in the cortex are the lesions present?
Which cerebral cortex contains the lesion?
Is the skull fractured?
Is there a skull fracture?
Which ventricle is the mass located in?
Is there infiltrate in the sinuses?
Are the sinuses abnormal?
Is cerebral cortex present in this image?
Can the cerebral cortex be visualized at this level?
Are the clavicles fractured?
Is a clavicular fracture present?
Is the stomach visualized here?
Are the lines seen on the exterior or interior of the patient?
Are the lines in the image inside or outside of the patient?
What indicates there is a consolidation in the right lung?
What is the observed sign of pulmonary consolidation on the right side?
Is this in the coronal plane?
What is the shape of the mass?
What is the form of the mass?
Name one organ that is captured by this image.
What allows for the bright areas seen in this image?
Is the mass heterogenous?
Is the mass heterogenous in consistency?
What is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass?
Is the mass in the left or right side?
Is there lymphadenopathy?
Is lymphadenopathy present?
Are there clearly defined cardiac borders in this image?
Is there a localized mass?
Is there a focal mass present?
What plane is seen?
Is this an MRI?
How can the distribution in this image be described?
What type of distributions is seen on this image?
Is there an air-fluid level?
Are the ventricles unaltered?
Are the ventricles normal?
The bottom of the image indicates what area of the brain?
What injury does this brain image suggest?
What is evinced by this brain image?
What type of image is this?
Are there abnormalities with in the contrast between white and grey matter?
Is the gray-white matter junction altered?
Is the image in the axial plane?
Are the ventricles smaller than normal?
Is there any abnormality in this image?
Are there lesions in this image?
Is there mass effect seen on this image?
Is there bulging of structures in this image?
Which plane is this image in?
In which lobe are the lesions?
Where are the lesions?
Is the gyral enhancement?
Is this a T1 weighted image?
Is there cortical atrophy?
Is this an MRI?
What is the location of the abnormality?
Where is the abnormality?
Is this an image of normal physiology?
Is this patient healthy?
Are there abnormalities seen in the lungs?
Where is the nodule?
What is the abnormality?
Which plane is this image taken in?
Is there a nodule in the left lung?
Describe the borders of the lesion.
How are the borders of the lesion?
How would you describe the location of the lesion?
Where is the lesion located?
Is the heart enlarged?
Are the lungs clear?
Are there lungs free of consolidation?
What is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass?
Are there other abnormalities besides the mass in the temporal horn?
Besides the mass in the temporal horn, are there other enhancements in the image?
How would you describe the mass?
What are the characteristics of the mass?
Is there a fracture of the skull?
Is the mass heterogenous?
Is the mass varied?
What is the location of the lesion?
Where is the lesion?
Are there abnormal findings?
Is anything not normal in the image?
Is there air in the lesion?
Can you name the organ captured by this image?
How would you describe the lesion?
What is this type of lesion called?
Is there edema present near the lesion?
Is there fluid accumulation near the lesion?
How was this image taken?
Is this image in the transverse plane?
Is there bleeding in the brain?
Is there blurring of the grey-white matter junction?
What abnormal findings are present in this image?
What is the lesion in this image?
What is the location of the abnormality?
Where is the abnormality?
Is anything wrong in the image?
Is there an abnormality?
What is the gender of this patient?
What is the abnormality?
What is wrong in this image?
Are there abnormal findings?
Is anything irregular in this image?
What is the location of the abnormality?
Where is the abnormal finding?
What is the condition?
What is the pathology?
Can the patient's encephalon be seen in this image?
What is wrong with the ventricles?
What ventricular abnormalities are seen?
What is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass?
Is the mass hyperintense or hypointense?
What is the radiological description of the mass?
Is there mass effect?
Are the airway walls thickened in the bases?
Is there increased airway wall thickening of the bilateral bases?
Are there abnormalities?
Is anything wrong in this image?
Is there consolidation in the lungs?
Name one abnormality in the radiograph.
What is one abnormality that can be seen in the image?
Is the heart enlarged?
Is there cardiomegaly?
Are there pulmonary findings?
Is there any abnormality in the lungs?
Are there any pulmonary findings?
Are the lungs affected?
Is there an air-fluid level?
Is there air trapped in the body?
Is there free air present?
What is the condition of the patient
What abnormality is seen?
Is there evidence of inflammation?
Is any structure inflamed?
Which kidney has fluid around it?
Is the right renal vein visualized?
Is it possible to identify the right renal vein?
What is the location of the mass?
Where is the mass located?
Are the borders of the mass well-defined ?
Are the borders of the mass well-defined and is the interior of the mass homogenous?
is the interior of the mass homogenous?
Is the mass well circumscribed?
Is the mass homogenous?
Is the mass well circumscribed and homogenous?
How big is the mass?
Are the kidneys visible in this image?
Is this an axial cut?
Is there air in the bowel?
Is air present in the bowel?
What is wrong with the pancreas?
What pathology does the pancreas deominstrate?
Is there contrast in this image?
Are liver findings normal?
Does the liver look normal?
Are the kidney present?
Is air visible in the bowels?
Is there air in the bowel?
What pathology does the image represent
What is the mass most likely?
What imaging modality was used?
How would you describe the mass on the left kidney?
What is the left kidney mass?
What do the two bright dots represent?
What are the two hyperlucent inferior dots?
Is the trachea deviated?
Is tracheal deviation present?
Is this a PA film?
What image modality is this?
What are the two humps" at the base on the image signifying?"
Where is the location of the mass?
Is the cardiac silhouette enlarged?
Is cardiomegaly present?
In what plane was this image taken?
What is behind the liver?
What finding is associated with liver?
Is the liver cirrhotic?
Is this a CT image?
What organ is enlarged?
Which organ is abnormally large?
Was contrast used?
What is the appearance of the liver?
how would you describe the liver?
What are the locations of the hyperintensities?
Where are the hyperintensities located?
The imaging modality is...?
What is the image modality?
What do the hyperintensities likely represent?
What are the hyperintensities signaling?
Is this process bilateral?
Are the kidneys visualized?
Can you see the kidneys
Is air present in the bowels?
Is there bowel gas?
What organ exhibits pathology
Which part of the bowel is involved by the mass?
Is the aorta visualized?
Is this a PA or AP film?
What laterality is this film?
Are the margins of the cardiac silhouette normal?
Is the heart border normal?
Is there evidence of a pneumoperitoneum?
Is there free air underneath the diaphragm?
What modality was used?
What artery is the embolus from?
Where is the embolus located?
Where are the hyperlucencies located?
Which areas are lighting up?
What modality was used for this image?
What does the hyperlucency indicate?
What pathology does the hyperlucency represent?
Is the heart enlarged?
Is cardiomegaly present?
Are patchy infiltrates depicted?
Are there patchy infiltrates present?
Blunting of the costophrenic angles indicate what condition?
What does the blunting of the costophrenic angles indicate?
Is the ET tube properly placed?
The mass is located in what region?
Where is the mass located?
Does this image use contrast or not?
Does this CT have contrast or no contrast?
What does the enhancing periphery of the mass represent?
What is the outer rim of the mass?
How big is the mass in cm?
What are the bright specks in the gallbladder
Are gallstones identifiable?
Can you see kidneys in this image
Is there contrast in this image
Is pericholecystic inflammation present?
What is the lighter substance around the gallbladder
What plane are we in?
Is the right conal fascia inflammed?
Is inflammation present at the right conal fascia?
Is the gallbladder wall thickened?
Is there fluid in the lungs?
Is a pleural effusion present?
Is cardiomegaly shown?
Is the heart enlarged?
What imaging modality is used?
What is wrong with the aortic area?
What pathology is shown in the aorta?
What image modality is this?
What imaging modality was used
Are there multiple septations within the cyst?
Is the cyst complex?
What organ is involved?
Which organ is affected?
Are calcifications present?
What two tributaries of blood vessels are impacted?
Which blood vessels are affected?
What is the plane?
What plane was used?
What is the modality used?
What imaging method was used?
Which side was affected?
Is this an axial plane
How was this image taken?
What are the two bright images on either side
Is there air outside the bowel walls?
Is pneumoperitoneum evident?
Is pneumo intestinalis present?
Is there fat stranding?
Is fat stranding present?
Is the bowel distended?
Is bowel distension present?
Is there intrahepatic ductal dilatation?
Is intrahepatic ductal dilatation present?
Is there evidence of mesenteric lymphadenopathy?
Is mesenteric lymphadenopathy present?
What imaging modality was used?
Is the mass in the liver regular or irregular in contour?
What is the shape of the liver mass?
What imaging modality was used?
What type of image is this?
What is at the base of the right lung?
What pathology is shown at the lung bases?
Are nodules present in both lungs?
Do the lungs appear hyperinflated?
Is hyperinflation depicted?
Are air fluid levels depicted in this image?
Is there an air fluid level present?
How was this image taken?
Is this an axial plane?
The abscess is located in what structure?
Where is the abscess located?
Where are the kidneys located?
Was contrast used?
Is there fat stranding present?
Is fat stranding depicted in this image?
What organ is affected by pathology in this image?
What structures are involved?
What imaging plane is depicted here?
What is the plane?
What imaging modality was used?
What type of image modality is this?
Is this image abnormal?
Where is the pathology located?
Which region of the brain is impacted?
What type of image is this?
what imaging modality was used
How was the image taken?
What plane was used in this image?
Were both sides affected?
What organ system is shown?
What structure is depicted?
What type of imaging was used?
Which image modality is this?
Does this scan represent an abnormality?
Where are the hyperintensities located?
What is the location of the hyperintensitites?
What organ system is visualized?
This image is concerning for what lung pathology?
What lung pathology is this image concerning for?
Is there cardiomegaly?
Is there deviation in the trachea?
Is there tracheal deviation?
Is the heart size abnormal?
Are there pleural effusions present?
Is there presence of pleural effusions in this patient?
Is this film taken AP?
Is this a special kind of X-ray?
Is IV contrast used?
In which vessel is calcification present?
The calcification is located in what vessel?
Is the sigmoid colon visualized at this axial section?
What form of contrast did the patient receive?
What types of contrast did this patient have?
What is located in the sigmoid colon?
What are the findings in the sigmoid colon?
What are the internal morphologic features of this mass?
Is this a cystic or solid mass?
Is there a pneumothorax?
Do you see a pleural effusion?
Is there a pleural effusion present?
How was this film taken?
Do you see cardiomegaly?
Is cardiomegaly present?
Is this a KUB film?
Is this a plain film xray?
Is there contrast used?
The lesion is located where in this image?
Where is the lesion located in this image?
The contrast is enhancing what inside the lesion?
What is enhanced by contrast in the lesion?
Describe the density of this lesion?
What is the density of the lesion?
Describe the size of this lesion?
What is the size of the lesion?
Describe the size and density of this lesion?
What is the size and density of the lesion?
Is there a shift of midline structures?
Are the ventricles larger than normal?
Is there enlargement of the ventricles
What is the location of the brain mass?
Where is the mass located?
Is this a T1 weighted, T2 weighted, or FLAIR image?
What is the imaging modality?
What modality is used to take this image?
Are the costophrenic angles blunted?
Is there any blunting of the costophrenic angle(s)?
Do you see cardiomegaly?
Is there cardiomegaly present?
What would be the most probably diagnosis for this patient?
The image probably had what incidental finding?
What was probably found incidentally on this image?
The image above shows an abnormality where?
Where is the abnormality in this image?
Is there grey-white matter differentiation?
What brain territory is the hemorrhage located?
Which fissure is the hemorrhage located?
What category is the hemmorhage?
What type of hemorrhage is shown?
Does this CT use IV contrast material?
Is this a contrast or non contrast CT?
Is the abdominal aorta within normal size limits?
Is the jejunal wall enlarged?
Is there thickening of the jejunum
Are the kidneys hyper attenuated?
Do the kidneys show a high level of contrast enhancement?
Does this image use GI contrast?
Is this a contrast enhanced image?
Is there ectatic or aneurysmal enlargement of the abdominal aorta?
What imaging modality is seen here?
Was this image taken with an MRI or CT scanner?
What is the section level of this image?
Where is this slice located in the human body?
Does the liver contain at least one hypodensity?
Is there a hypodensity located in the liver?
Is there a fracture in the vertebrae seen?
Are there any abnormalities in the kidneys?
Notice any abnormality in the kidneys?
What part of the body does this radiograph show?
The image has an abnormality located where?
Where is the abnormality located in this image?
The soft-tissue density seen in this image contains what?
What is filling the soft-tissue density seen in this image?
Is there evidence of a pleural effusion?
What plane was this chest film taken in?
Is this an AP or PA film?
What is the location of the three circular opacities?
Where are the three circular opacities located?
Is there cardiomegaly?
Is the heart enlarged?
What type of image modality is used?
Are the ventricles visualized in this image?
Are you able to see the ventricles in this image?
Is the pathology seen hyperintense or hypointense in nature?
Is the abnormality hyperintense or hypointense?
The image shows what abnormality?
What is abnormal in this image?
Are the lateral ventricles viewed in this section?
Is this a T1 weighted, T2 weighted, or FLAIR image?
Is this MRI taken with FLAIR protocol?
How is the artifact in this image categorized?
What type of artifact is shown in this image?
What brain region demonstrates edema?
What area of the brain is edematous?
Is there evidence of free peritoneal fluid?
Does the appendix appear normal or abnormal?
Is there appendix normal or abnormal in appearance?
What type of plane is this image of?
What plane was this image taken in?
What contrast was administered to this patient?
What types of contrast does this patient have?
Is the cerebellum seen on this axial section?
Does the left temporal lobe appear normal?
Is there a lesion in the left temporal lobe?
Is this an axial or saggital view of the brain?
What cross section of the brain is this image?
Is this a T1 weighted, T2 weighted, or FLAIR image?
Is this image modality T1, T2, or FLAIR?
Is the left renal cyst uniform?
Is the transverse colon in view?
Is this patient in a supine position?
Is the patient lying supine?
Was this image taken by x-ray?
What plane of the abdomen is this image?
Did this patient receive IV contrast?
Was IV contrast given to the patient?
What are the hyperdense lesions noted at the edges of the aorta?
What are the hyperintensities surrounding the aorta?
Is there blurring of the grey-white matter junction?
Is this image taken from the top slice of the brain?
Was this image taken from a superior-most section of the brain?
What organ is this image of?
Is this an axial view of the brain?
Does the CSF have high signal intensity?
Is there high signal intensity in the CSF?
What modality is this image taken?
Is there evidence of pneumoperitoneum?
Is the aorta visible in this section?
Is the aorta in view?
Did this patient receive IV contrast?
Was this patient given IV contrast?
Where are the densities identified in the patient?
What are the hyperattenuations located around the patient?
What modality is used in this image?
In what organ do you see swelling?
What organ is edematous in this image?
This image is consistent with what condition?
What condition does the patient have?
From what do you see stranding?
What is stranding in this image?
Is this picture abnormal?
what is the alternate name for lens-shaped""
What term is synonymous with lens-shaped?
What is the most likely diagnosis?
What is going on with this patient?
what shape would the lesion be if this were a subdural hematoma?
What shape is the lesion in a subdural hematoma?
Is this image abnormal?
Describe the intensity of the abnormality seen in this image? (central vs. surrounding)
How would you describe the central and surrounding intesities of the abnormality seen?
Is this a CT or an MRI?
Was a CT or MRI used to take the above image?
In what plane was this image taken?
What plane was this image taken in?
What imaging modality is used?
Is there any costophrenic angle blunting present?
Is there presence of any costophrenic angle blunting?
Any tracheal deviation present?
Is there any presence of tracheal deviation?
Is the appendix enlarged?
Are the small bubbles of air seen normal or abnormal?
The small bubbles of air seen in the lumen are normal or abnormal?
Where Is there obstruction present?
Where is obstruction present, if any?
Are there rib fractures present?
Are pleural opacities located on the left, right, or both sides of the lung?
Are the pleural opacities bilateral or unilateral?
Does the left hemidiaphragm appear flat?
Is there flattening of the left hemidiaphragm?
Is there decreased aeration at the apex?
Is the apical aeration normal or decreased?
Is the trachea midline?
Can you view the colon in this image?
What structure is seen in the left hemidiaphragmatic area?
What structure is superimposed on the left hemidiaphragm?
What vein is the central venous catheter located in the patient?
Where is the central venous catheter placed?
Is this a chest radiograph?
Is this an AP or PA film?
Are the ground glass opacities located more in the apex or base of the lung?
What parts of the lung fields contain the most prominent ground glass opacities?
Is there a shift of midline structures?
Is the CSF enhanced or non enhanced?
How is the CSF enhancement characterized?
Is this a saggital brain section?
Is this a saggital view of the brain?
Is this a T1 weighted, T2 weighted, or FLAIR image?
What is the MRI modality depicted in this image?
In what plane is the above image?
The infarcts seen are most likely what type?
What types of infarcts are these most likely?
Are the sulci abnormal?
Do the sulci look abnormal in this image?
What is the vascular distribution of these infarcts?
Where are the infarcts located?
Is there evidence of grey matter edema?
Is the CSF radiolucent or radioopaque?
What is the intensity signal of CSF?
What modality is this image taken?
Is this image of a saggital plane?
What section is this image?
What plane is this image taken?
What organ is this image of?
Is there a midline shift?
Is there structural deviation from the midline?
What type of MR image modality is seen?
What part of the CNS is this image showing?
What is the sequence of this MRI?
What condition is found in the above image?
What pathology is seen in this image?
Are the ventricles an abnormal size?
Is the size of the ventricles abnormal?
Is this a sagittal plane image?
In what plane is the CT scan?
What pathology is seen in this image?
What is wrong with the patient's scan?
What plane is this image in?
Is this an MRI image?
There is mesenteric lymphadenopathy present, what additional region is seeded?
We see mesenteric lymphadenopathy in the above image, where else is there cancer?
Is the GI tract is highlighted by contrast?
Are the bronchial airways enlarged?
Where is the gastric bubble located?
Where is the gastric bubble placed?
Is the heart contour backwards?
Is the heart contour a mirror image of normal?
Is this an AP or PA film?
How was this film taken?
Is there a shift of midline structures?
What plane of section is the brain taken in?
What cut of the brain is this image taken?
Which half the cerebellum is the largest mass located?
Which side of the cerebellum contains the largest mass?
What type of modality was this image taken?
What is the MR weighting in this image?
What type of MRI modality is used?
What structure in the left basal ganglia is spared?
What is spared in the left basal ganglia?
The infarction is likely caused by what vessel?
What vessel is likely the cause of this infarction?
Is there contrast used in the above image?
This image is suspicious of what cancerous pathology?
What cancer does this patient have?
What vascular problem is seen above?
What vein is occluded?
Are there any abnormalities seen in the spleen?
What is the pathology seen in the spleen?
What image modality is used?
What organ system is highlighted by contrast?
Is this an axial plane image?
Free air is seen where in this image?
Where is the free-air seen in this image?
Is this image a CT or MRI image?
Are the costophrenic angles preserved?
Are the lungs hyperinflated?
Is there hypoinflation or hyperinflation of the lung
Is the circular opacity (located in the middle of this image) found on top of the patient or within the patient?
Is the opacity located in the middle of the image inside the patient or superficial to the patient's skin?
Is this a PA film?
Is this film taken in a PA modality?
Is the gall bladder enlarged?
Are both kidneys in view?
Are both kidneys visible?
What is the muscle adjacent to the vertebrae?
What muscle surrounds the vertebrae?
Is there oral contrast located in the colon?
Is there oral contrast in the colon?
Is there contrast used?
Is this a noncontrast CT?
This image is taken in what plane?
Why are there no sulci seen in this image?
Why do you not see sulci in the image?
Is a noncontrast CT the first imaging test for a suspected brain bleed?
Pathology seen in this image?
What is the condition seen in this image?
Where is the abnormality located?
Where is the pathology located?
Is the right diaphragm visualized?
Is this a pneumonia vs. pleural effusion?
Is a pneumonia or pleural effusion seen in this image?
On what side of the body is there pathology, and what is it?
What is the pathology?
What pathology is seen int his image? 
What pathology is seen int his image? What side?
On what side of the body is there pathology?
What side is the pathology?
Is there any tracheal deviation present?
Is the trachea deviated in this image?
What type of contrast agent is used in this MRI?
What would you call the lesions seen?
What is the name of the lesions seen in this image?
The pathology seen in this image is typical of what disease?
What disease does the pathology suggest?
In what parts of the brain are the lesions located?
Where do you see the lesions?
Is the abdominal aorta enlarged?
Did this patient receive IV contrast?
Was IV contrast given to the patient?
Was this image taken via MRI?
Are the air fluid levels located in colon?
Is the appendix non-enlarged?
Is the appendix normal in size?
What cut of the body is this image?
What is the hypodensity located inside the vertebrae?
What is the hypo-dense area seen in the vertebrae?
Is there hilar lymphadenopathy?
Is this patient rotated?
Was the patient positioned inappropriately?
Does the heart border appear normal?
Is there a normal contour of the heart?
How many ribs are superimposed on the lung fields?
How many ribs are present in vertical order on this chest radiograph
Is a pneumothorax present?
Is the heart displaced?
Is the heart in the wrong position?
What indicates a pleural effusion?
What is a pleural effusion
Which way is the trachea deviating in this image?
Is the trachea deviated to the right or left?
Is there evidence of rib fracture?
Are there multiple circumferential opacities located throughout all lung fields?
Does this chest x-ray show signs of diffuse opacities in both right and left lung fields?
What type of radiograph is this?
Is there right hemidiaphragm elevation?
Is the right hemidiaphragm higher than the left?
What was this image taken with?
Is the heart enlarged?
Is there evidence of cardiomegaly?
Is this a PA film?
Are the findings normal?
Would you expect pleural plaques on other pleural surfaces vs just the hemithoraces?
Do you expect the patient to have plaques on other pleura as well?
What are the densities in both mid-lung fields?
What do the densities in the lung fields represent?
Are there any abnormalities with the shape of the aortic arch?
Is the aortic arch shape abnormal?
